Storybook doc formatting improvements (#1637)
ni/nimble: packages/nimble-components/src/button/tests/button.mdx

    Primary,
    Stories,
    Title,
    Description,
    Story
} from '@storybook/blocks';
import ContentHiddenDocs from '../../patterns/button/tests/content-hidden-docs.mdx';
import { NimbleButton } from './button.react';

> import { NimbleIconKey } from '../../icons/all-icons.react';

Reviewer: Can we make sure that goes into a folder named /icons/tests/all-icons.react

import * as buttonStories from './button.stories';

<Meta of={buttonStories} />
<Title of={buttonStories} />

> <Description of={buttonStories} />

Author: I pulled the "A common convention…" sentence out for now, but will continue the effort in another PR to standardize the usage docs.

#### Ghost Button:

<Frame>
    <Container>
        <Column stylingClass="controls">

>         <NimbleStorybookButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleStorybookButton>

Author: I changed it in response to the feedback here - https://github.com/ni/nimble/pull/1637#discussion_r1408547237 - but don't have a strong opinion either way.

>         <NimbleStorybookButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleStorybookButton>

Author: Changed it back to `NimbleButton`

        <NimbleButton appearance="ghost" content-hidden>
            <NimbleIconKey slot="start"></NimbleIconKey>
            {`Ghost Button`}
        </NimbleButton>

        </Column>
        <Column>
            <ul>

>                 <li>Ghost is the default style and should be the first consideration for use.</li>

Reviewer 2: nit: grammar
```suggestion
                <li>Ghost is the default appearance and should be the first considered for use.</li>
```

        </Column>
        <Column>
            <Do>
                Use only 1 accent button in a section. It should be used when
                trying to achieve the most prominent eye-catching approach.
                Consider the contextual implications of using a green colored
                button in relation to its name or metaphor. Remember that color
                has accessibility constraints and the color alone should not be
                relied on.
            </Do>
            <Do>
                Use in situations that lack color and enthusiasm to help support
                the brand.
            </Do>
            <Do>Use in combination with ghost buttons to create hierarchy.</Do>
            <Dont>
                Do not use an outline button with a block button to create
                hierarchy.
            </Dont>
        </Column>
    </Container>
</Frame>

#### Primary Button:

<Frame>
    <Container config="375px 1fr">
        <Column stylingClass="controls">
            <NimbleButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleButton>
            <NimbleButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleButton>

>             <NimbleButton appearance="outline" appearance-variant="primary">
>             {`Primary Button`}
>             </NimbleButton>
>             <Divider/>
>             <NimbleButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleButton>
>             <NimbleButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleButton>
>             <NimbleButton appearance="block" appearance-variant="primary">
>                 {`Primary Button`}
>             </NimbleButton>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <NimbleButton appearance="outline" appearance-variant="primary">
            {`Outline Primary Button`}
            </NimbleButton>
            <Divider/>
            <NimbleButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleButton>
            <NimbleButton appearance="ghost">{`Ghost Button`}</NimbleButton>
            <NimbleButton appearance="block" appearance-variant="primary">
                {`Block Primary Button`}
            </NimbleButton>
```
